Docs/fix/1363 feedback on jdbc connector42212305 using the advanced server jdbc connector with java applicationsindexmdx (#3873)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/jdbc_connector/42.5.4.1/05_using_the_advanced_server_jdbc_connector_with_java_applications/01_loading_the_advanced_server_jdbc_connector.mdx

<div id="loading_the_advanced_server_jdbc_connector" class="registered_link"></div>

> The EDB Postgres Advanced Server JDBC driver is written in Java and is distributed in the form of a compiled Java Archive (JAR) file. Ensure the JAR file is included in your class path and it will automatically be registered when the Java runtime stats up. It will then be used when a application requests a connection URL beginning with the "jdbc:edb:" schema.

Reviewer: This is my attempt to remove the future tense (and fix a typo). It would be nice to remove the passive voice also.
```suggestion
The EDB Postgres Advanced Server JDBC driver is written in Java and is distributed in the form of a compiled Java Archive (JAR) file. Ensure the JAR file is included in your class path. The driver is automatically registered when the Java runtime starts up. It is used when a application requests a connection URL beginning with the "jdbc:edb:" schema.
```

Author: I've taken another pass at it based on your suggestion.
